Working with Alternative Overlay Files

The Alternative Overlays folder is useful to open if you want to use a pre-designed, alternative version of 
some of the Standard overlays. Alternative overlays offer users keyboard layouts that may be more useful 
than Standard ones. An overlay that has a picture of two switches on it is also included for use when the 
IntelliKeys USB keyboard is used as a switch.

The Alternative Overlays folder contains four sub-folders: one for each of the four Alternative overlays. 
The four Alternative overlays are:

1. Lowercase Basic Writing - same as Basic Writing USB with lowercase letters on the keys instead of 
uppercase letters.
2. Uppercase Alphabet - same as Alphabet USB with uppercase letters on the keys instead of lowercase 
letters.
3. Reduced Alphabet - a much smaller keyboard layout designed for students who use their left hand only 
and have a limited range of motion. This overlay can be used with any word processing program.
4. Two-Switch - divides the IntelliKeys USB into two parts - one switch per side. This corresponds to the 
IntelliKeys USB setting, "...as a switch with these settings" Please refer to your IntelliKeys USB User's 
Guide Using the Control Panel, Setting Advanced Features.


Printing an Alternative Overlay

1. Open the printable version of the desired overlay file using IntelliTools' Overlay Maker 3. 
2. Load your printer with legal size paper and select legal and landscape (horizontal) as your printer's settings.
3. Select Print from the File Menu and print.

Printing Overlays with Overlay Maker 3 Trial 

If you do not have Overlay Maker 3, you can print overlays using Overlay Maker 3 Trial. After 45 days the trail version will become a “printing-only” version.  See the IntelliKeys USB User’s Guide or Overlay Maker 3 User’s Guide for details

Sending an Alternative Overlay – Use one of the following methods:

A.	Select “With only one overlay for all applications" on the Advanced tab of the control panel. 
Press Browse to navigate to the folder and select it. Remember that With only one overlay for all applications " overrides any subsequent overlay sending.  If you decide to return to the default setting of "...with overlays attached to applications,” click Keyboard Reset in the IntelliKeys USB control panel.

B. If you have Overlay Maker 3 installed on your computer, open the Send folder and double-click on the electronic file in the corresponding Send folder. IntelliTools’ Overlay Maker 3 Trial CD is included with IntelliKeys USB shipments, or can be downloaded from the IntelliTools web site. 


